Things like
software, music, journalism, and research
could be public goods
— free and open to all.
But publishers who keep exclusive control
can charge for access and sell ads;
while free public projects
get little or no funding.
To solve this dilemma,
we need widespread, ongoing cooperation.
So we developed crowdmatching
where patrons coordinate by
making their monthly donations
based on everyone matching each other
If a project has few patrons,
each donates very little.
But they've all pledged to give more
for each additional patron who will come help!
If enough of us work together,
we can clear the path
to a free and open future!
Join in at Snowdrift.coop!